README.md, before:

# JP's AppleScript Repo
A repo for all my things to make life easier.

## Installation
| GitHub folder | Copy files to | Description |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Script Libraries | ~/Library/Script Libraries/ | AppleScript handler collections for you to easily use without copying into your script. For usage, see [this article](https://macosxautomation.com/mavericks/libraries/examples.html) or the official Apple Developer [documentation](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/AppleScript/Conceptual/AppleScriptLangGuide/reference/ASLR_load_script.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40000983-CH227-SW2). |
| Services (aka Quick Actions) | ~/Library/Services/ | Services, also known as Quick Actions starting in Mojave. These show up in the right-click menu under "Services," as well as in the Finder, and within a Touch Bar menu. |
| PDF Services | ~/Library/PDF Services/ | These create additional options in the Print dialog, under in the "PDF" dropdown. |
| Folder Actions | ~/Library/Workflows/Applications/Folder Actions/ | Workflows that "watch" certain folders on your machine for files added, and perform their workflow on those files. |

Commit message:

Add note about installation dialog upon opening the file

README.md, after:

# JP's AppleScript Repo
A repo for all my things to make life easier.

## Installation
In most cases, simply downloading the file and opening it will prompt an installation dialog. However, in case it doesn't, here's where everything goes:

| GitHub folder | Copy files to | Description |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Script Libraries | ~/Library/Script Libraries/ | AppleScript handler collections for you to easily use without copying into your script. For usage, see [this article](https://macosxautomation.com/mavericks/libraries/examples.html) or the official Apple Developer [documentation](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/AppleScript/Conceptual/AppleScriptLangGuide/reference/ASLR_load_script.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40000983-CH227-SW2). |
| Services (aka Quick Actions) | ~/Library/Services/ | Services, also known as Quick Actions starting in Mojave. These show up in the right-click menu under "Services," as well as in the Finder, and within a Touch Bar menu. |
| PDF Services | ~/Library/PDF Services/ | These create additional options in the Print dialog, under in the "PDF" dropdown. |
| Folder Actions | ~/Library/Workflows/Applications/Folder Actions/ | Workflows that "watch" certain folders on your machine for files added, and perform their workflow on those files. |
